{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red194\green126\blue101;\red23\green23\blue23;\red202\green202\blue202;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c80784\c56863\c47059;\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Bed - main_frame:\
,,There\'92z pink, white, hid\'92den blue\'85 Ha, small bird\'92z bed!\'93\
(random)\
\'84I should\'92a too have a z\'92pot to s\'92leep. Gott\'92a think on it!\'93\
\'84Bigge\'92zt bed for smalle\'92zt of birds, hehe.\'93\
\'84My little z\'92weet birde\'92s need a nes\'92t too\'85 So they s\'92leep, z'oundly s\'92leep\'85\'93\
\'84Oh! Imagine the big comfy ne\'92st like thi\'92z! And when empty horri\'92ble feeling that hit\'92z!\'93\
\'84Doe\'92s Bazeli kid s\'92leep here too? For them\'92 even a box will\'92 do!\'93\
\
\
Bed - pillows:\
,,Stack of pillow\'92z\'85\'93\
(random)\
,,Stack of pillow\'92z\'85 Big and flu\'92ffy pillow\'92z. Small bird ha\'92z a fear they will not tell, hehe.\'93\
 ,,Small bird\'92z! But me, \'92a big bird need\'92s one too\'85 \'84\
,,Take one? Maybe one?\'93\
\
Bed -closet:\
,,What\'92z the paper under\'92 blanket?\'93\
(random)\
,,What\'92z the paper under\'92 blanket? Oh, that\'92z the plan\'92s, that\'92z the blueprints! A roller-coaste\'92r shall it be!\'93\
,,Ah, child of menace. But a con\'92structor of fun it i\'92z!\'93\
\
\
Door:\
It\'92s \'91ze small bird\'85 OR \'91ze menace kid playing s\'92omewhere.\'93\
(random)\
\'84\'85We are having fun!\'85 Ah, I could never\'92 z\'92peak that language-\'93\
\'84I\'92m hoping nobody will p\'92op up, hehe. Back to window I should\'92a go.\'93\
\'84Hey comrades\'85\'93\
,,Journey every\'92one!\'85\'93\
\'84We got too deep to e\'92zcape now\'85\'93\
\
\
Desk - big open book:\
\'84Of liberty and \'91ze law\'91z\'85 \'91Ze law\'91z of freedom.\'93\
(random)\
\'84Of liberty and \'91ze law\'91z\'85 \'91Ze law\'91z of freedom. You will do it, s\'92mall bird, you will do it.\'93\
\'84Oho\'85 Cannot read\'92 it ea\'92zily. Text is dry, text is wi\'92se. In right hand\'92z law\'92s on our s\'92ide!\'93\
\'84In moment\'92z like this\'85 Ah, nevermind-\'84\
\
Desk - small open book:\
\'84OHO, it\'92z not s\'92cience!\'93\
(random)\
\'84OHO, it\'92z not s\'92cience! It\'92z sweet sweet book.\'93\
\'84First z\'92troke, then cares\'92z, then wait for it to meow! Good memorie\'92z.\'93\
\'84They cannot be- No- They give \'92em snack\'92z for cat\'92z?!\'93\
\'84Oh, ju\'92zt you wait! Ju\'92zt you wait for \'92ze sibling menace! But shhh\'85\'93\
\
Desk - shelves:\
\'84Caramel\'92z, dozen\'92z of caramel\'92z- In pretty, pretty blue wrap\'92per\'92z, hehe.\'93\
(random)\
\'84Caramel\'92z, dozen\'92z of caramel\'92z-  But\'92ta why \'92zo many-?\'93\
\'84Lookin\'92 deep\'92er\'85 More candy! Good candy!\'93\
\'84My s\'92mall bird\'92z would\'92a go insane! Oho, hehe, me too, me too.\'93\
\'84S\'92weet. Can be bitter if your lif\'92e ha\'92z lo\'92st on glitter!\'93\
\
\
Bookshelves - next to comic hitbox:\
\'84Ah! \'92Ze s\'92mall gift of paper!\'93\
(random)\
,,Ah! \'92Ze s\'92mall gift of paper! Lil\'92 bird s\'92at on a z\'92craper!\'93\
\'84It feel\'92z like a duty\'85 To teach\'92 my bird\'92z the art of origami. For z\'92entiment, for memory.\'93\
\'84Where\'92z their pet tho, where\'92z the pet?\'93\
\
Bookshelves - open book:\
\'84Ahh, z\'92omething, z\'92omething, con\'92stitution\'85\'93\
(random)\
\'84Ahh, z\'92omething, z\'92omething, con\'92stitution\'85 Not my circu\'92z, not my money\'92z!\'93\
\'84Would\'92a not read it in meantime\'85 Z\'92orry, friend-\'93\
\
Bookshelves - right:\
\'84There\'92z everything a youn\'92g good geniu\'92z could need\'85\'93\
(random)\
\'84There\'92z everything a youn\'92g good geniu\'92z could need\'85 But where\'92z the game\'92z friend, where\'92z the fun?\'93\
\'84A book on s\'92tory of my kind?? \'91Ze Machochi would\'92a drop-\'93\
\'84Nono\'85 Who let\'92 \'91ze CHILD acces\'92z thi\'92z?! \'91Chaos Trial\'92 i\'92z not\'92ta lecture for kid\'92z- For adult\'92z neither, brr.\'84\
\'84It\'92z the\'85Oh! The journal of \'91ze warm nice pla\'92ze! The old map i\'92z there!\'93\
\'84Did my friend know what book\'92z are here? Not impos\'92zible.\'93\
\
Bookshelves - left:\
\'84Even mor\'92e law, mor\'92e intelligent paradi\'92ze!\'93\
(random)\
\'84Even mor\'92e law, mor\'92e intelligent paradi\'92ze! Life game them lemon\'92z, they made it z\'92weet!\'93\
\'84 \'92Zo\'92 many good title\'92s. Be\'92st one\'92z!\'93\
\'84S\'92mall bird al\'92so like\'92z p\'92zychology\'85 Big bird\'92z would be p\'92roud!\'93\
\'84Haha! Would\'92a love to see the library again! \'91Ze in the west fore\'92zt. With \'91ze tea and week\'92z of time.\'93\
\'84My little birdie\'92z should\'92a read more!\'93\
\
Box:\
\'84It\'92z \'91 ze\'92container\'85 Of Bazeli cat\'92s!\'93\
(random)\
\'84It\'92z \'91 ze\'92container of Bazeli cat\'92s! So s\'92mall\'92, even for the reckles'z child-\'93\
\'84Nono, not my favorite pla\'92ce for sleep\'92ez.\'93\
\'84Imagin\'92 nappin\'92g in a s\'92quare!\'93\
\'84\'85Oh, friend\'85 All of them\'92 so z\'92mall\'85\'93\
\
\
\
\
PROXITINI:\
\'84Friend! They rea'lly left you? \'85 But what if I\'85 I take you?-\'84\
\'84Nonono, we agreed, we z\'92poke of it\'85 No takin\'92g, ju\'92st watching- 
\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Plot it'self i'z to unfolding-\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \'84\
\'84F\'92riend, if you could\'92\'85 If you could\'92 say- Allow me to take you last time again- \'84\
\'84Would\'92a \'92really be ha\'92rm\'85? If I\'85 I could\'92a ju\'92st take the chanc\'92e and e\'92zcape-\'84\
\
}